Oh what's up everybody I'm Brendon
Huffer this is SEO mash-up Monday let's
get into it oh this is gonna be silly so
real quick to kick this off I want this
to be the shortest SEO mashup Monday
ever first I want to thank each reps
again for sponsoring the first 20 days
of a hundred days of SEO I want to thank
flywheel for sponsoring the next 20 days
of 100 days of SEO and I want to thank
pod Reacher if you need good show notes
for your videos or your podcasts go to
pod Reacher com
first up we're gonna highlight the dope
content and I'm going to be putting out
as a part of 100 days of SEO this week
second I'm gonna highlight a bunch of
cool things that happen in SEO and also
just random content I've found in the
past week if you want exclusive access
to all the awesome stuff that we're
making is a part of 100 days of SEO and
doing access to my pillar content
masterclass where I teach you how to
write content that actually ranks in
Google go to 100 days of seo.com slash
join again that's 100 days of seo.com
slash join so this is SEO mashup Monday
this week for 2 minute Tuesday we're
gonna be talking about I already I
already forgot this week for so today is
SEO mashup Monday but this week for 2
minute Tuesday we're gonna be talking
about why hosting matters for SEO on
tutorial Thursday we're gonna be talking
about SEO for designers and Friday we're
gonna be talking to Matt Giovanni C
about why design matters for SEO I feel
like I should start keeping a tally up
here of like how many times I say SEO in
this mashup Monday it's getting out of
hand already so instead of just
highlighting SEO industry news there are
plenty of SEO blogs were a bunch of
dorks that don't actually do SEO
sit around and talk about things that
are happening in Google and they turn
tweets from Google employees into blog
posts and it's just silliness this show
is not that I want to talk about actual
content that's gonna help you grow your
business so first up there's a really
cool article on spin sucks called 5 ways
to save your influence or outreach from
the trash as somebody who sends a lot
about ricci mails this meant a lot to me
I think it's pretty good check it out
article number 2 is
the animals blog about how to earn a
senior content marketing role I love
that they use the word earn here it's
really cool if you're looking for a job
in SEO and content marketing it's a must
read John over at credo put out a really
good blog post about how to do an SEO
audit we have a video on it coming up
but John and I feel very similarly about
how to do SEO audits so I think that's
worth a look and then two pretty cool
blog posts from the hrs blog first
Rebecca put together a really cool blog
post on how to write a blog post
it sounds meta but it's actually really
fantastic it's step-by-step and there's
a really cool kind of table of content
that helps you navigate it and Josh
Hardwick also put out a really cool
article about a strategy we've all known
for a while but I see what you're doing
here eight reps they called it the
middleman method it's a really cool
method to get more link juice and more
authority to things on your website that
people ordinarily don't want to link to
like a landing page or a product page
they called it the middleman method
which i think is great branding similar
to how backlinko took a well-known
strategy of reaching out to your
competitor the people linking to your
competitors and asking them to link to
you called it the skyscraper method and
is now this it's this big branded thing
it's really something we all knew about
for a while so I see what you're doing
there hrs and I like that you're trying
to brand things it's pretty it's smart
that's all I got for you this week
I've been Brendan Hufford Oh before we
go before we do the sign off if you want
any of these links I'm not putting them
in the description of the YouTube video
so you've got a 100 days of SEO calm
/join all the links are there again I've
been Brendan huffard don't forget to
work hard be nice people and don't get
too lost trying to create something that
matters
[Music]